# World_Weather_Analysis
- **Plan My Trip** is a top travel technology company that specializes in internet related services in the hotel and lodging industry. We have been working with Jack, head of analysis for the User Interface Team, in order to collect and present data for customers via a search page which is filtered based on their preferred travel criteria in order to find their ideal hotel anywhere in the world. We used Python in Jupyter Notebook with the CityPy Module to get the cities for more than 700 random latitudes and longitudes and then performed requests on the Open Weather API to retrieve the JSON weather data from these cities. The weather data was then added to multiple Pandas DataFrames where we used MatPlotLib to create a series of scatter plots to show the relationship between latitude and weather. We also performed statistical analyses on the data using linear regression on the weather parameters in the northern and southern hemispheres to help predict the best time of year for people to plan their vacation. 
- In this project, we then mapped these cities using Jupyter gmaps and the Google Places and Directions APIs. Then we had beta testers use input statements to filter the data for their weather preferences, which were used to identify potential travel destinations and nearby hotels. From the list of potential travel destinations, the beta tester chose four cities to create a travel itinerary. Finally, using the Google Maps Directions API, we created a bycycling travel route between the four cities as well as a marker layer map.
